CASMPET-7557: CSM 1.7 release notes to list new feature added with CA… (#6209)
Cray-HPE/docs-csm: RELEASE_NOTES.md

    * This feature **can only be enabled during an upgrade from CSM 1.6 to CSM 1.7 or an install of CSM 1.7**.
    * See [Enabling Rack Resiliency](operations/rack_resiliency/Enabling_Rack_Resiliency.md) for more details.

### iSCSI SBPS

* The [iSCSI SBPS feature](operations/iscsi_sbps/README.md) is now enhanced to select specific worker nodes for node personalization
for enabling iSCSI targets. In CSM 1.6 this feature enables all the worker nodes  as iSCSI targets by default.

> See [Managing Selective Node Personalization](operations/iscsi_sbps/Managing_Selective_Node_Personalization.md) for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The [iSCSI SBPS feature](operations/iscsi_sbps/README.md) is enhanced to allow administrators
  to select which worker NCNs are enabled as iSCSI targets. This is a change from CSM 1.6, where
  all worker NCNs are enabled as iSCSI targets. For more information, see
  [Managing Selective Node Personalization](operations/iscsi_sbps/Managing_Selective_Node_Personalization.md).
```
